Now let's look at some Embedded Methods.
So, what are embedded methods?
Well, it's a again,
a supervised method of Features Selection.
And we've looked at Filter Methods.
We've looked at Wrapper Methods.
Let's look at Embedded Methods.
So L1 or L2 regularization is
essentially an embedded method for
doing feature selection.
Feature importance is another method.
Both of these are highly connected
to the model that you're using.
So these both L1 regularization and
feature importance really sort of
an intrinsic characteristic of
the model that you're working with.
So it assigns scores.
And for regularization really,
we're talking about waiting for
each feature in the data.
And it discards features often by
by setting those weights to zero or
near zero.
And that's going to eliminate the features
that we're talking about based on
the feature essentially
the feature important.
So look at that in SKLearn,
if we look at Feature Importance class,
that's built into the Tree Based Model.
So, again, we're still using
the RandomForestClassifier
that we've been using all along.
That's one of the model types that
does include feature importance.
It's available as a property of that
model, the feature importances.
And we can use SelectFromModel
to select the features
from the train model based on
the assigned feature importances.
So again, working with the model,
it's really a characteristic of the model.
How does that look in code?
Well, we're going to define a function.
Feature importance is from
Tree Based Model and here's our data,
it's been split into training and
test and we've separated our labels.
We're going to use our
RandomForestClassifier as our model and
we're going to fit it.
And then we're going to pull out
the feature importances here.
That's going to give us a series that
we're going to use a Panda series.
That Panda series,
we're going to select the 10 best.
So the 10 highest feature importances and
show that.
So if we do that,
this is the visualization that we get and
we can see the 10 best
features that we have based on
the feature importance that
was calculated in the model.
So using that to select those features,
we're going to go back and
select from our model.
That's going to give us our model and
we're going to get support to get
the indexes for those features.
And then we're going to drop the other
features from our feature vector.
And that's going to give us the names
of the features that we're keeping.
So tying those together, we've got feature
important from tree based model that
that's going to give us the feature
importances and plot them.
Then we're going to select the features
that we're going to keep and
that's going to give us our performance.
So in this case we've selected 14
features and looking at the metrics for
them, they're actually not quite
as good but they're pretty good.
So accuracy.
It's now down a little bit.
The ROC is up a little bit.
It's kind of back to what it was
with all features are almost there.
Precision is down a little bit but
still I mean it's down a little bit.
Recall is not bad really
because pretty much the same.
It is the same and the F1 Score is back
to what it was with all of the features.
So Recursive Feature Elimination
is really still our best result.
Although with Feature Importance we
were able to get down to 14 features.
So this is a question where we need
to consider the importance of our
metrics versus the importance of
reducing our compute resources.
If it's really important, that compute
resources, we may want to do that
with the 14 features that were
selected with Feature Importance.
But if we're really interested in
maintaining those metrics were improving
them, then Recursive Feature Elimination
is still the best result.
Such review.
We've covered a lot this week, we started
out with an Introduction to Preprocessing.
We talked at some length about
Feature Engineering and why it's so
important to doing machine learning,
especially in production settings.
We looked at Preprocessing Data at Scale,
which is going to be important
whenever you're working with large
amounts of data or large models and
specifically at TensorFlow Transform.
We also looked at Feature Spaces and
understanding how Feature Spaces work and
and why we need to consider that
as we do Feature Selection.
And we looked at different
kinds of Feature Selection.
So Filter Methods and
Wrapper Methods and Embedded Methods.
We've covered a lot about working with
our data and doing feature engineering.
This has been quite a week so far.